Touch up contributing guide (#4410)
esp-rs/esp-hal: documentation/CONTRIBUTING.md

*   Fill the pull request template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request.
*   [Link your PR] to any relevant issues it addresses.
*   [Allow edits from maintainers] so the branch can be updated for a merge. Once you submit your PR, a Docs team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request additional information.
*   Make sure you add an entry with your changes to the relevant crate's changelog.
  * Place your entry in the appropriate section of the upcoming version
  * Make sure you reference the right pull request at the end of the changelog entry. If you made a change in PR 1234, end your changelog entry with `(#1234)`.

>   * You can ament existing changelog entries, when appropriate. In this case, just append your PR number to that entry's, like `(#789, #1234)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You can amend existing changelog entries, when appropriate. In this case, just append your PR number to that entry, like `(#789, #1234)`.
```
